Update 100-gitlab-ci.md (#1393)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/106-ci-cd/100-gitlab-ci.md

> # GitLab CI
> 
> GitLab offers a CI/CD service that can be used as a SaaS offering or self-managed using your own resources. You can use GitLab CI with any GitLab hosted repository, or any BitBucket Cloud or GitHub repository in the GitLab Premium self-managed, GitLab Premium SaaS and higher tiers.
> 
> 
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Official Website' colorScheme='blue' href='https://gitlab.com/'>GitLab Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Official Documentation' colorScheme='blue' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/'>GitLab Documentation</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Get Started with GitLab CI' colorScheme='blue' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/quick_start/'>Get Started with GitLab CI</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Learn GitLab Tutorials' colorScheme='blue' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/tutorials/'>Learn GitLab Tutorials</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='GitLab CI/CD Examples' colorScheme='blue' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/examples/'>GitLab CI/CD Examples</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GitLab CI

GitLab offers a CI/CD service that can be used as a SaaS offering or self-managed using your own resources. You can use GitLab CI with any GitLab hosted repository, or any BitBucket Cloud or GitHub repository in the GitLab Premium self-managed, GitLab Premium SaaS and higher tiers.

<BadgeLink badgeText='Official Website' colorScheme='blue' href='https://gitlab.com/'>GitLab Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Official Documentation' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/'>GitLab Documentation</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/quick_start/'>Get Started with GitLab CI</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/tutorials/'>Learn GitLab Tutorials</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/examples/'>GitLab CI/CD Examples</BadgeLink>
```
